SRH Hochschule Heidelberg * Bachelor * Master * DE * * Close navigation Your
goal. Your studies. * Bachelor * Master SRH Hochschule Heidelberg * Why SRH?
Why SRH? * About us * Accreditation and rankings * The CORE Principle * Study
at SRH Study at SRH * Study in Germany * Applications and admissions *
Financing your studies * Pack your bags for international excitement * Your
exchange semester * Eat, live and learn on campus * Start your career or
start-up * University University * Who we are * Schools * University team *
Research * Our partners * Alumni-Network * Services and facilities *
Infomaterial * Apply * Events * Press Service * Blog * Contact What are you
searching for? clear input go to resultspage close window Frequently searched
terms * international * school * courses * architecture * scholarship
Quicklinks * Bachelor's Degree - a strong foundation * Master's Degree – start
your career now * Study in Germany Back # Accreditation and rankings Are your
standards high? Ours are too. You can trust the quality of our educational
programmes. ## Quality that sets your studies apart We offer award-winning,
internationally recognised degree programmes. As a system-accredited
university with permanent state recognition, we bear the quality seal of the
German Accreditation Council. Our degree programmes occupy top positions in
national and international rankings. State of Baden-Wuerttemberg ## Permanent
state recognition SRH University Heidelberg is a state-recognised private
university. It was first recognised in 1972 by a decision of the Baden-
Württemberg Ministry of Science, Research and Arts. All degree programmes are
accredited according to the provisions of the Federal State Higher Education
Act (_Landeshochschulgesetz_). Our University is one of the few private
institutions that enjoys permanent state recognition. Institutional
Accrediation State of Baden-Wuerttemberg German Science Council ##
Institutional recognition In 2003, SRH University Heidelberg became one of the
first universities to successfully undergo the **institutional accreditation**
procedure of the Wissenschaftsrat (the German Council of Science and
Humanities). The Wissenschaftsrat is the most important advisory body in
Germany for academic policymaking. Institutional accreditation demonstrates
the University’s scientific rigorousness in teaching and research. In July
2009, the Wissenschaftsrat renewed its decision in a reaccreditation process.
German Council of Science and Humanities Accreditation Council ## A system-
accredited university We are **system-accredited** and bear the quality seal
of the German Accreditation Council – which means that the excellent quality
of our degree programmes and the recognition of your degree are guaranteed.
The quality seal of the German Accreditation Council acknowledges the high
standards of our University’s teaching and learning. Moreover, we are entitled
to use our tested quality assurance processes to accredit our degree
programmes ourselves. As a result, you can be certain that you’ll graduate
from a cutting-edge, hands-on, methodologically tested degree programme. And
you’ll have the knowledge that we follow certified procedures in planning,
teaching and evaluating your work. The German Accreditation Council is a joint
institution set up by Germany’s 16 states to maintain the high quality of
teaching and learning at German universities. Accreditation Council Genius
Loci Award ## The Genius Loci Award for Excellence in Teaching In 2018,
Stifterverband and the Volkswagen Foundation honoured our teaching and
learning model, the CORE Principle, with the **Genius Loci Award,** the only
prize in Germany awarded for outstanding teaching to institutions. SRH
University Heidelberg created the**CORE Principle** (Competence-Oriented
Research and Education) in 2012 as a unique teaching and learning model based
on cutting-edge scientific findings from pedagogy and brain research: students
delve into a single topic for five weeks – harnessing their own responsibility
and working in small groups, and coached by our lecturers. At the end of the
five weeks, students are tested to see if they can put the skills they have
learned into practice – for example, in the form of mock annual general
meetings, presentations or exhibition concepts. Learn more about the CORE
Principle Rankings ## Top Positions in University Rankings ## CHE Ranking SRH
University Heidelberg received top marks from its students in the latest CHE
University Rankings. The CHE University Ranking involves collecting
information and facts about study, teaching and research at more than 300
universities and universities of applied sciences under review, as well as
surveying around 120,000 students to find out what they think about the
conditions at their HEI. CHE Ranking ## U-Multirank In the U-Multirank global
comparison of universities, SRH University Heidelberg received very good
evaluations for a number of indicators. In the criterion of international
orientation, our university achieved an A, the top grade, for the percentage
of international academic staff. The mobility of students abroad and the
percentage of international master degree programmes also scored above
average. Regionally, the private university is very well connected. The
U-Multirank global comparison of universities covers the aspects of teaching
and learning, research, international orientation, knowledge transfer and
regional engagement, along with more than 30 individual indicators. A variety
of data sources and statistics are used for the ranking. U-Multirank Audit ##
A family-friendly university For many years, SRH University Heidelberg has
been committed to creating a working and studying environment that helps staff
and students maintain a healthy family life. In 2020, after our fourth
successful “audit berufundfamilie” (audit workandfamily) and “audit
familiengerechte hochschule” (audit family-friendly university), our
institution earned a long-term “audit familiengerechte hochschule”
certificate. In addition to opportunities to work from home and flexible
models for working hours, we have set up a parent-child area when employees
and students can work or study while their children play. After parental leave
or caring for a loved one, SRH University Heidelberg also helps staff return
to work smoothly. Entrepreneurship Entrepreneurship ## Excellent Start-up
Support The Stifterverband's Gründungsradar 2020, which is funded by the
Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy, places SRH University
Heidelberg in the top group in the ranking of universities with fewer than
5,000 students. With a score of 51.9 out of 60, the Start-Up Institute at SRH
University Heidelberg is ranked fifth among small universities in the ranking
around the topic of start-up support. The university has been actively
promoting start- ups since 2010. From the beginning of their studies, the
Gründer-Institut supports students who are interested in self-employment or
starting a business with practical teaching and advice. Modules on
entrepreneurship are offered in almost every degree programme. In addition,
the supports students in finding and validating ideas and makes its networks
and room capacities available. Summary of the Gründungsradar News ## Our
recent Awards * Media CHE University Ranking – SRH University Heidelberg gets
top marks 05.05.2020 * Media SRH University Heidelberg Scores Well in
U-Multirank International University Comparison 12.06.2020 Any questions? ##
We are happy to help you! David Reitemeier University Administration All about
your studies * Bachelor * Master * Applications and admissions * Study in
Germany * Your exchange semester at our University * Eat, live and learn on
campus Our university * About us * The CORE Principle * Our schools * Our
international office ## Your contact at SRH University Heidelberg *
info.hshd@srh.de * +49 6221 6799-000 ## SRH Universities * study@srh.de * +49
6221 6799-000 * contact via WhatsApp SRH Hochschule Heidelberg * © 2024 *
Cookies * Data Privacy Policy * Legal Notice * Contact * Apply * Request infos
* Contact Apply now ## Apply quickly and easily 1\. Register on the
application portal 2\. Fill in your application and attach your documents 3\.
We contact you for all further steps Exchange students please apply**** here:
**Application for exchange students** Register now You have questions about
the application? * studyinheidelberg@srh.de * +49 (0)6221-6799-799 SRH
Hochschule Heidelberg Close Order information material ## Order your
information material here Order free information material about our study
programmes and find out more about: * Content of studies * Admission
requirements * Tuition fees * Funding opportunities Order form We look forward
to your call or email. * +49 (0)6221-6799-799 * To contact form SRH Hochschule
Heidelberg Close Contact ## We are happy to help you You are not sure which
study programme suits you or you have other questions regarding your studies?
Our study advisors are happy to help you and answer all your questions about
studying, choosing a study programme, career options, applying and financing
your studies. Feel free to contact us! We look forward to your call or email.
* studyinheidelberg@srh.de * +49 (0)6221-6799-799 SRH Hochschule Heidelberg
Ludwig-Guttmann-Straße 6 69123 Heidelberg SRH Hochschule Heidelberg Close

